[17.0][ADD] Add crm_lead_approval module (#627)
OCA/crm: crm_lead_approval/README.rst

    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fcrm-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/crm/tree/17.0/crm_lead_approval
    :alt: OCA/crm
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/crm-17-0/crm-17-0-crm_lead_approval
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/crm&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module allows users to approve or refuse a lead and provides the
ability to display the approval button on the lead for specific sales
teams and CRM tags.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module to be available, the user needs 1)to access to
CRM settings and 2)add sales teams and crm tags into the "Sales Teams
opportunities approval" and "CRM Tags opportunities approval" settings.
After that, the approval button will be available in the lead only for

> these sales teams and crm tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these sales teams or crm tags.
```

   !! source digest: sha256:735245e54463fae2254dcd6790ba909be3fd49ff8ffcb6119b2dbad96172d7fc
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fcrm-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/crm/tree/17.0/crm_lead_approval
    :alt: OCA/crm
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/crm-17-0/crm-17-0-crm_lead_approval
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/crm&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module enables an approval process for opportunities in the CRM.

> Approvals are configured based on specified Sales Teams and/or CRM Tags,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Approvals can be configured according to Sales Teams or CRM Tags
```

> and only matching opportunities can be submitted to the approval process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and then matching opportunities can be submitted to the approval process
```

through a dedicated button.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

> To enable this module for review, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

1. Navigate to the CRM settings.
2. Add the relevant Sales Teams and/or CRM Tags to the "Sales Teams
   opportunities approval" and "CRM Tags opportunities approval"
   settings.

Once configured, the approval button will appear in leads, allowing them
to enter the approval process, but only for opportunities associated
with the specified Sales Teams or CRM Tags.

Usage
=====

> 

Reviewer: Fill up Usage part
